---
layout: post
title:  "Joining the Project"
date:   2015-01-24 16:41:20
categories: homework
tags: homework
image: /assets/images/desktopx2.jpg
---

This assignment was dramatically less exciting than I had thought it would be. The first part was to select an IRC client. This turned out to be the longest part of this assignment. There are tons of IRC clients and from what I found not a lot of them have much to them so picking between several options was pretty difficult and pretty much came down to how the interface looked. First, I looked at [limechat](http://limechat.net/mac/) which is a very minimalistic terminal-like IRC client. I found it was easy to use but wasn't amazing in terms of UI. I actually ended up using [komanda](http://komanda.io/) which was a project we had looked into working on for our semester project. I liked the UI a lot more and it seemed to have all the features of a typical IRC client (channels, users, permissions, etc). After downloading it from their site I launched it and dove right in.

The IRC channel of mopidy is not terribly active. There is even a message when you join that says feel free to ask questions but "prepare to wait a while". This was a little bit concerning to me because it seemed as though the development on Github was pretty steady and that it had a decent amount of traffic. However, for this project I feel like we could easily look to each other for answers to any questions we may have. 

Joining the mailing group was pretty straightforward. Mopidy uses a google group and seems to be well organized. Since its managed through a google group it gives you several convienient settings that allow you to change how often you get updates and when you get more frequent updates. 

As for Chapters 2 and 3, they seemed to pretty much reiterate things that we learned in 362, however, this was the first time I had seen all this information grouped together the way it was. We learned about agile development before, but alongside the information on how to best organize group projects of this type I think it really puts it into perspective how useful that the methodology can be. Also, these chapters provide info on tools that we can use for the project such as shared docs or even html pages. I think that we might try and use an html page for documentation on things that we discover while working on the project because it is in a unified format that can be tracked by version control.